adding information the find information about sendgrid (#6347)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/sendgrid.md

s1.example.com IN CNAME <s1.example.sendgrid.net>
s2.example.com IN CNAME <s2.example.sendgrid.net>
```

> The information about your account do you find in https://cloud.magento.com/project/{project-id}/setup/project_details in tab Hosting Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .bs-callout-tip}
You can find Sendgrid details for your account in the Onboarding UI. Use the `https://cloud.magento.com/project/{project-id}/setup/project_details` URL and select the **Project Details** > **Hosting Info** tab.
```
